In 2001,
with the Governing Body’s approval,
our brothers in France
started using a variety of methods
to carry out our public witnessing,
including the use of carts.
The trial resulted
in many good experiences.
As a result, in 2011,
a pilot project with cart witnessing
in New York City, U.S.A., was approved.
Since Manhattan, in New York City,
had a ratio of 1 Jehovah’s Witness
to 657 inhabitants,
this was a perfect choice.
That was the beginning
of a pilot program in Manhattan.
The program lasted one year,
using many graduates
from what was then
the Bible School for Christian Couples.
Although different tables
were used at the time,
it was evident that a mobile cart
had many advantages.
As a result, today,
Jehovah’s Witnesses are well-known
for their public witnessing using carts
designed to display their literature.
By means of this method,
good news from the Bible
can be taken to many places
and easily becomes available
to countless people.
These carts include different posters that:
call attention
to our well-known publications,
invite people to accept
free home Bible studies,
and direct passersby to our official website.
Here are just a few examples of how
this method has had many good results.
My name is Mi Jung You.
The first time I met Jehovah’s Witnesses
was more than 20 years ago.
I started studying
in the You Can Live Forever book,
but about a month later,
I had to stop studying.
After that,
I would accept the magazines,
but I never ended up
studying the Bible again.
In June of 2014, though,
I saw the public witnessing stand.
I realized that it belonged
to Jehovah’s Witnesses.
So many of the different publications
they had caught my eye.
So I asked if it would be OK
if I took a copy of each one.
We ended up exchanging numbers,
and a few weeks later
the brother contacted me.
I began studying
the Bible again with the couple
and one month later
started attending meetings regularly.
I was baptized in October of 2015
and started auxiliary pioneering
right away for ten months.
Now I’m serving as a regular pioneer.
Public witnessing helped me find the truth,
and it’s a way for me to meet people
that are interested like I was.
I have really come to cherish
the public witnessing work.
My name is Jacob Salomé.
I work as a driver and spent most of my life
traveling all over Peru.
Because of this, I had problems
with the woman I was living with.
I never spent time at home
and practically lived in the truck.
I would see Jehovah’s Witnesses preaching
on the streets near the buses.
But since I was always driving,
I couldn’t park or even talk to them.
But once, I saw some Witnesses
preaching in a public square.
So I went up to them to ask them
what the Bible says about family matters.
This marked a change in my life.
My girlfriend and I
began attending meetings,
and then we got married and got baptized.
Now we are Jehovah’s Witnesses.
As Annies and I were standing by our cart,
we met young Sudharshan.
Annies showed him our tract
Can the Dead Really Live Again?
He was surprised and said,
“How is it possible?”
When she explained to him Acts 24:15,
he exclaimed: “I am a Christian.
I never knew this!”
I asked him,
“Would you like to learn more
about such wonderful things
from the Bible?”
He asked,
“Can you tell me right now?”
There and then, I discussed the first chapter
of the Bible Teach book.
That’s how it started.
Sudharshan brought his friend, Sagar.
Sagar, in turn,
brought Shiva and Srikanth along.
Three of them are attending
our meetings regularly.
Sagar even turned down a job offer
that conflicted with Bible principles.
One tract resulted in many Bible studies.
We can really see Jehovah’s blessing
on this form of public witnessing.
Without a doubt,
cart witnessing is being used
to help preach
the good news of God’s Kingdom
“in all the inhabited earth
for a witness to all the nations.”